Kita!
Slut!
Sleeping with her owner's system.
Disgusting.
File!
Give this woman off the stage!
If I had known things would end up like this.
Would I still have chosen to be with you, Daniel?
Sir, do you know why he's going to the club alone?
What if somebody should recognize you from this?
It's just a regular bath.
No one's going to recognize it, which would be ring anyway.
I think I found her.
Hi.
Even under that mask is still a catch.
What's your name?
I don't know what I'll be screaming later.
Not interested, darling.
I'm flat-in, but thank you.
Banu's.
I've got dibs on this one.
You can lose the mask, sir.
You've been made.
You're on fire.
Let's borrow the speaking.
I remember you.
You've been coming here for several days now.
You can take your eyes off me.
So, when are you going to ask me out?
You want something?
I go after what I want.
It's not just a privilege for the rich and powerful.
Right.
You just hate the wealthy.
I hate anyone that believes others with their power.
Hate nobility even more.
Anyway, Mr. Handsome.
Are we on?
My sister's necklace.